72 variables consistency validation (#94)
EPFL-ENAC/CCFatiguePlatform: Data/SNC_Data_Convention.md

# SNC Standard Data format

> 
> Each module 2 (S-N curve) produce two files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SNC Data corresponds to the output of S-N Curve module and is composed of 2 files :
```

[
	{
		"stress_ratio": double, // Stress ratio (R) [-]
		"confidence_interval": double, // confidence bounds, usually 5, 95% (rsql) [-]
		"a": double, // S-N Curve parameter [-]
		"b": double, // S-N Curve parameter [1/MPa]

> 		"lrsq": double, // [?]

Reviewer: aren't you missing fp here ??

Author: you're right, fp is missing, I forget it because it's not used in all methods (not mendatory)
